Mmh.
Hi, Colin. Good morning.
Hey, sir. Good evening.
All right, sorry about that. Okay, so are you, how's, I know we were last talking about your Cisco machine. How's that going?
No updates on that, like it's not working. I've connected with like the WebEx support team, like Cisco support team, and they have said that they might need, like have to look at the hardware itself, and they will be sending someone.
Mm.
So I have shared like my address and everything else with them and he said that he's working on like figuring out where exactly he wants to create the ticket from and then he will ping with the case number and other updates.
Okay, okay. And what would be good then? So are you at least able to get to WebEx from your bay one machine?
I have not tried, but I am able to like use the on my phone that was already like that I do do installed on that, so yeah.
Okay.
Then what I'll do is I'll send, I'll let Srinivas know too, because that shouldn't happen. And I'm sure that's probably a problem for more people at Cisco. That's also something for even the rest of the team, because if it happened to you, it's probably going to happen again.
Yeah, I even asked like Srikar that like he said I am also seeing the update. I said, don't download it yet till like your meeting is finished, then you can try.
Oh.
Right.
Well, what we can do, so, and did you try what I'd said? I know it's very hacky and it's probably got a fifty-fifty percent of working, but that's at least what I was able to get. I shouldn't have had to do that, but...
Yep, yep.
I have tried it like, what I've tried is press and hold down the power button and then try like plugging and unplugging the MaxSafe cable which they have provided. That didn't work out like, yeah.
You know, if it works.
But you at least get an LED color, right?
It.
Yep, yep.
Well, that's good. So that means that at least it's recoverable. It's just something that they'll have to figure out.
And then it.
Yeah.
OK, OK, yep, like, hmm, Claude also said you need another Mac to like start this Mac, and like, what even are they building?
So that's positive.
Yeah, yeah, I mean, Apple makes some of the most questionable engineering decisions of all time. I have no, honestly, like I get the premium thing that people describe, but I'm like, just because the box that you take to get out of this nice does not mean the device itself is nice. You know, they do that.
Yeah.
S.
If.
Yeah.
Like even whenever you're trying to log in with your iCloud account, it's so hacky compared to what modern things are.
Mhm.
And even just the way that they do backups is just really poor. But anyway, so, all right, well, the good news in a way is that, you know, I would get that, you know, definitely get on them for that if you can. The good news is I can get you started on something else in the meantime, which is what we'll talk about today.
No.
And.
Yep.
Um...
But it's going to be tough because you'll need some level of Cisco access to do it.
Yeah.
Mhm.
So it's kind of a catch-22 right now, but we'll get it figured out. So I'm going to make sure it's any of us, like he can tell, because that's not our fault. If like, you know, their IT deploys something that breaks people's computers, you know, we can't, I gotta say, like, what?
OK.
Yeah.
It was like totally working fine. I even have like on my local what do you call basic research of like the repo and how it's structured and what architecture they took and all of those things were already on there. Then I saw like I was researching and I came to a halt. I saw their what do you call Cisco update.
I thought like, okay, Jay, it might take like 5 minutes after this, we can like keep on working on our research. It won't take that much time. And yeah, I don't know what got brought my mind at that time. I clicked on like update and boom, gone.
Yeah, no, no, no problem. I almost did the same myself, so I've...
Yeah, good thing.
Big.
I, you know, like, that's the fun part. I almost did the same myself. So if I would have done that, I would be screwed right now. So it's okay.
Yeah.
Okay.
But yeah, so I would just keep on following up with their support. I'll let Srinivas know and we'll see if they have a fix or if they can recommend something that we can try ourselves. I'm glad you can at least see the Cisco chat.
Mhm.
Thank you.
Yep.
And, and have it on your phone.
Yeah.
I said, okay, it's okay. Then I said, okay, no problem. So at least someone's asking me to download it. I'm not doing it myself.
Right, right, right. Absolutely, absolutely. And the good thing is too, like anything like that, they will have to on their end track. So you're kind of out of jail free for that, which is good.
Okay.
Yeah.
And one more like good thing was, like I told you earlier, I did not set up like cloud code or anything else on the system. So that's also fine. If they want to take the laptop, yeah, go ahead. There's nothing that should not be there. So yeah.
Right, right.
Right, that makes one of us.
No, so what I was saying was like, uh, skills are like kind of open standards now. Correct. So Codex and Copilot, everything else is also using skills and supporting skills. It's just changing the...
But.
Right.
folder name. One is dot Claude and another is dot GitHub and that is dot agent I think for Codex. So yeah, just the folder name, rest everything and like the whole logic itself is like similar.
Mm.
Okay, that's good.
Bang.
Yeah, we can try like our singularity and other skills on like with Codex and GitHub as well. They might need like little bit tweak, but yeah, that's totally fine.
And on their end, like this is big gap in their development because on the repo I did not see any agent.md, no cloud files or no scales, no hooks, nothing. Everything is blank. Just code, not even documentation.
Yeah.
Right, right. And so there's a couple of things that we can do here. And this is where, like, I'm even, I'm trying to talk to people. Once I show you this next Cisco project, you're going to realize how big of a problem this is across their org. There's a few things. Like, number one, they overuse MCP for everything.
Change.
Mhm.
And I'll be honest, they're using MCP like it's an API.
The.
Singh.
Like, there's no reason to use MCP for what they're doing. It's basically like, I don't feel like standing up fast API. So I'm going to do it with MCP and call it in. And I'm like, that's the stupidest thing I've ever heard, because I've yet to see one use case which could not be resolved with a, you know, fast API.
Yeah.
Endpoint.
Yep. If it's like really, then it might be like you need to access some kind of like custom data or use some custom logic for which you cannot build an API. Obviously that point is there for which you cannot build like an API. So it's kind of a hacky thing.
Like, we're not.
Right.
But, but even...
For now, so...
Yeah.
Well, that's something that we can flag to them architecturally. And we can say, now, what we'll have to do though is you have to remember, like, they're probably all sold on MCP.
Mhm.
Yep, yep.
It's almost like, you know, if they were to try to convince us otherwise on skills.
Mhm.
You know, it's tough, but if you show someone that it's not one or the other, it's both, and you just use the tool for the job, and say, like, here's an example of 1 working, it's always helpful to show one actually in action.
Mm-hmm.
Um...
And that really helps to make it real, because sometimes, like, I've even tried to explain skills to people and they're like, so it's prompt engineering. And I'm like, no, it's yes, but no.
Romp engineering plus scripts plus everything, like you are basically giving it a workflow to follow.
Yes, it's like a mini, mini framework to complete more complex tasks than a single prompt could do.
Yeah, or even like if we if you are thinking from like a prompt engineering perspective, you can either it's like you have created a very well like what do you call singleton file which has like the whole logic of when to load which context.
We have just converted that into like a folder structure and it reads from there. So nothing like what do you call it? We cannot program, do it programmatically, but if they are providing us like the way to do it, why not?
Right, right.
So, that's something that we can and should definitely, you know, kind of note for them.
Okay.
Um...
I would basically think about it like this, like he doesn't know what he doesn't know. If you show him a different way,
Uh-huh.
He's going to be a tough customer.
Mhm.
Is there a drone outside? Hang on.
Yeah, yeah.
One of my neighbors, their kids, I guess, has a drone.
And I heard, like, this is...
Wow.
Sounds so, wow, okay. Anyway, fun for the day. So, he's going to be a tough customer to convince, but if you can establish credibility with him on even one thing, then he's going to listen to you for everything else. He just needs to know, like...
Yeah.
Okay.
here's why you use it, here's how you use it in a production sense. It is not just prompt engineering, it can be built into a system. Your developers, even with access to, and then that's where you have to know the answer. Is this something with GitHub Copilot that can be used with a skill? Is this something that's only available in Codex? You know, of course, because they don't have Cloud Code.
Mm-hmm.
Yeah, yeah.
Um...
Yep, yeah, it is a little bit sure. I did like basic vertical sort and also the way they are building their solutions. So, currently, what can you what they have built this? They have the build logs. OK, they are using Regex to what you call.
Yeah.
get the error out of there. Then they have, I think, BCE it is called, which like create a graph of like dependencies and how exactly the error fails. That is included with what you call your basil. Okay, so we have some like structured things from that BEP or BEC.
See.
Mhm.
whatever that was. So yeah, we have both of those coming in and we are based on those, we are creating a workspace. In like workspace, you can check out files which you want, like for suppose certain labels failed or certain what you call test test failed.
Okay, you can just check out those files which are related to those on the workspace and they are creating a two separate file. One is for your BEC or BP and another is like the extracted what do you call logs which are from the Basel and they are placing that in a folder and.
passing that whole workspace to codex and then using normally like if you want to start Claude without like what do you want starting it in chat mode it's kind of execution mode so Claude dash M or dash R and then your query okay so they are starting the workspace like that and
Mmh.
workspace already has all the details and Claude will come in, read from those Bezel files and whatever the VP log is present and then it does the fix and then runs the build. Okay. Here what they can do is just create a skill file and check out that skill file.
inside the what do you call workspace. They can like even what you call totally skip in the what do you call deterministic parsing of the basil logs which they are doing like directly keep the whole basil log file and have the what do you call regex or scripting logic inside the script or how to exactly.
Go ahead.
Read that Bezel file. You can have a skill for that, for Bezel, for Gmail, for any other like log. It is much better and what you call more granular than like coding and then changing the architecture if something changes. It's like just update a skill file. Similarly for fixes also, they can already tell like.
look out for connection handling sandy these things like whatever they have in the gates or what they what they think are the best software practices which must be taken into consideration while doing that fix and create like a bug fix kill or something of those sorts.
which is more what you call inclined towards what exactly workflow they want. And currently I don't think they are, like I did not get an option to confirm from them, but I do not see an option that Codex is after like applying the fix, it is building that on its.
What?
own and then testing like dopally as well in that workspace. It just does the fix and directly start the build process. So it goes again. If it fails, it comes back and then it will try two more times. If all three fail, then yeah, failed. It will not try again. So there are like many small, small things which we can.
Right.
add on to their already what they have made because the gender idea itself is okay. I would say like it's good idea you know because they have like everything in there the whole workspace and the tool and they are using codex but like the.
And.
One more thing I would need to like check with them is if they have this system running and what exactly are like the shortcomings they are facing at this time? What exactly are the general directions they are looking for improvements? So yeah, those are like a couple of things which I...
I...
Mm.
found out while I was doing my research on the repo and other things. So, yep.
Mhm.
That's great.
Then my then my Mac wind off, yeah.
Well, it's already a lot of good things. So here's a couple that I can add on for you. So I think one...
Yeah.
Mhm.
That's true for them, is that the way that they're doing it, I think it's solid. I think though the problem is that like with regex, regex is, yes, it's fast, yes, it's simple, but also remember that they are probably most likely using codex to write those scripts.
So what does Codex do? What does Cloud do? Well, they pick the top N.
Yep.
Most likely errors.
Mhm.
Yep, yep.
And probably not actually based in reality, and like the it still stands that rejects is inherently and specifically brittle.
Yeah.
So unless you have every possible error, it is not possible to have a regex flow that is truly holistic.
Now we can do that. Like we can definitely download, you know, from Basel and catalog that. That's fine. I know that's a lot of work, or it feels like a lot of work anyway. But that is one way to do it, and then have a background process to update those errors with the documentation with the current Basel version.
Yep.
Okay.
Mhm.
But no matter what, it's inherently brittle. And the reason why I know what they built so far is probably even worse, and it's probably written by Codex, and it's probably the top N errors. Like you said, I think there's like 27 regex patterns matching.
Yep.
Mhm.
The problem with rejects is, of course, the context, right? Rejects is just simple pattern matching.
Yep.
Mhm.
So it doesn't have any more any semantic context whatsoever.
Yep, yep.
The second is that there's variability problems. So like regex is very brittle in the sense that it's an exact match. You can write pretty regex commands, but the problem is you're trying to, it's almost like you're trying to wrap a present.
You're trying to wrap the present without knowing how big the present is. You try to wrap it. If you run out of wrapping paper, you tear off the wrapping paper, you try to wrap it again with bigger paper.
Mhm.
Seven.
Yeah, yeah.
You know, so it's this constant iterative process that is going to create a lot of technical debt in terms of maintenance.
Yep.
So you have to make a decision of if you're only going to have rejects, then inherently your downstream classification, let's say that you have 27 errors that you can capture with rejects.
Mhm.
Assuming that those always work, which they won't.
You still aren't guaranteed to get all the errors.
Yep.
Right, so like, and also you're assuming that, you know, how do the errors come in in the 1st place? Will they come in in the logs? Well, why are we wasting the logs and throwing them away and only getting half of it because of rejects, you know?
So this is something for architecture wise that we can flag. You know, yep, that's getting the top end, but you know, that's it's brittle.
Yep.
Yeah, and like even for suppose we have run it once, okay, agent did some fix and we ran the build again. Now we have suppose build failed, we have new errors. Now which one is it fixing? The new one it introduced or the old one, what exactly is present in the vertical current context of it.
Deepak.
or how is it handling those kind of things? Or suppose your fix broke some other thing, okay, like cascading, you change some function and you broke something on the back end or somewhere else, which is totally related to your change. That should not be happening technically.
But it's an agentic system, so yeah, anything can happen. So what are we trying, what are we doing and how are we like trying to avoid that happening? Or if that happens, how can we recover from that? All of those things also should be taken into considerations. That's why I thought like skill was a very good addition here.
Yes.
Yep, just for anything in the workspace based on whatever type of agent you are building, just check out that skill in that workspace. And yeah, Codex will use that skill. But even if you don't want to go with that much of logic for skill, just at least put a agent.md file there.
Yeah.
Mm-hmm.
It has at least something more than like the, what do you call it, basic prompt and the things which you are giving, at least some instruction of how exactly you want to go through the whole process. But still, from my, from the view I am seeing like skills are the best for this, but.
Syed.
Yeah.
Mhm.
That.
So 2 quick final things on it, because I think you're absolutely right. I like it. I know Srinivas will like it too. One on the reject side, even for a skill, think about this. You don't want to necessarily, even if you, so rejects definitely is going to remain as the first layer, right? It is a good first layer for speed.
They are getting.
Yeah.
Yep, yep.
Architecturally, the idea is, you know, you have to choose between false positives or false negatives, unless it's deterministic. Regex is deterministic. We have known errors that follow a known pattern that aren't changing. Unless the Basel version changes, there will be no change here. So what that means is that to manage that, so if you would want to change on rejects,
Mhm.
Having them hard-coded in a Python script is a big no-no.
Yeah, yeah.
So, you know, even suggesting something like architecturally, have one common place, like maybe a database table with rejects patterns.
Mmh.
You know, like, here's like possible reject patterns for this type of log, you know, and then the Python script itself isn't, or even like, if it's a, you know, script for an agent or a script for a skill, it's not just going off of some hard-coded things, it's able to be dynamically changed without having to redeploy.
The solution.
Yep.
So, and in that same vein, whenever we talk about skills, I'm 100% with you. Here's why. They want to not interrupt their developer workflow. They want to empower their developers to use AI more effectively. The problem with, we could certainly build an end-to-end solution with the UI.
OK.
But I'll tell you right now what the problem's going to be. The problem is that they don't have true actual hosted AI endpoints like we do with Foundry.
Mm-hmm. Yep.
So even their developers that have co-pilot access, I'll put it this way, you know, like you're the first person on our team that ran out of cloud code, other than myself, of course, you ran out of cloud code, you know, usage.
Yeah.
They aren't even close to that because they don't use Copilot to its fullest anyway. Even something as limited as Copilot, you know, it's still got usage limits just like Cloud Code does, just like Codex does.
Ohh, keep up.
Yeah, I ran out of like 5 vertical GPT 5.4 limit within like 20 minutes. It did not even take 20 minutes. Then I did a little bit of work with Codex 5.3, then a little bit on GitHub Copilot. So I'm like, okay, you guys are providing me two, three subscription for this one and I get switched between all of them.
Um...
Yeah.
to manage my contract token.
Right, right, and.
It's been a long time; I have to look at token using.
Well, I think even for them internal, my problem with like what they built, like let's say it's a unified, you know, unified interface like what Justin has that goes and kind of does this, like I forget what the Simpsons character is, that approach, just a dummy, you know, basically try to fix this until it runs.
Yeah, it helps, it helps, yeah.
Yeah, Rahul comes, is that it?
Yeah, yeah.
The problem is, is whose model is paying for those tokens?
With chicken.
Yep.
So they might be just using an API endpoint. That is a really good way to do things the worst possible way and end up with a ton of cost. If they already have Copilot Enterprise, which they do.
Mmh.
Yeah.
Doing it with a skill as opposed to a standalone extra application is good because each individual user will have some capacity allocated to their GitHub co-pilot.
Yep.
And that's also the cheapest possible solution at Cisco for making it accessible across all developers, because all developers already out of the gate have GitHub Copilot.
So if you do it with a skill, now we don't have to say, oh, look at what it can do. And meanwhile, halfway through the demo, we run out of usage and we're like, uh, yep. You know, because even if you were to use a different subscription, unless you put it as a, you know, a true, you know, hosted API endpoint,
Yeah.
they're going to hit that same problem. So what we can tell him is like, look, if we build the skills, what we'd want to think about is how to do it as like the, you know, just like we do internal, like we can have a plug-in repository that is like a standard thing that anyone from this could easily, you know,
Mhm.
put into their VS code.
We'd want to think about that side of it. So think about it not from only the function perspective, but also like the deployment administration perspective.
Yep, yep, like a single get repo which can be like, what do you call it, tracked and updated, correct? And if anyone wants to like, what do you call it, use those skills, I don't know if like the enterprise has the option of built-in, like whenever you download it shows what are like your.
Account.
Correct.
enterprise skills available and you can maybe directly download from there or you can share with GitHub access in the mail itself that go to this repo or whenever you are getting codex or GitHub license that go to this repo and download these skills for easier access or something like that.
So, we can we can bring that up, and this this is a good thing for Shiny, because, like I said, this this is a different layer of thinking that most people aren't capable of, frankly. Like, you know, like, and it sounds silly to you, maybe, but most people never in their life, like, do you think Justin Joseph is thinking about this? Do you think Naga's thinking about this?
Mhm.
No, no.
Uh, so...
Your first name?
Even if you try to like code it with the prompt or like build the whole architecture, you will be like always missing the pre and post hooks, correct? They can do a lot of work deterministically. Like those are totally game changers.
Correct, correct.
Oh yeah, I mean, that's what made the big difference for me, you know.
Yeah, hooks are like a very great thing which can which we can use. And even if this might be a bit of what you call technically challenging if we were not using Codex, but Codex itself has like the whole logic to how to read the skin. So it's pretty easy.
Or else we, if we are going for any open framework, then we might need to build a vertical system or a workflow for which how it exactly it reads the scale that first it reads the YAML matter, then step one, step 2, then based on these reference files.
like the whole interconnected document, how exactly do we want to load that into context? So that is an engineering problem, but that does not come into picture for us as they are already using Codex. So it's like just loading Codex with the skill and they can directly use it because Codex already has that.
Logic built-in into it, so yeah.
Right, right. And now, like for instance, like there is a settings.json file. I'm wondering if this is true for, you know, beyond Claude. I don't know the answer, but this is something to look into. Like for instance, for us, and now you don't have this, but let me show you what it looks like. Let me just pull up a...
some repository like this.
Now you don't have this because I gave you a max account that is separate. But you see now there is the message from day one.
Yeah, yep, something similar like this in codex as well, like you have this whatever plugin available or scale available, just go ahead and download this, OK?
Right, right. And so where that comes from is that coming from the manage settings and settings.json, which I think is probably common across platforms. That's probably just like skill where that's common. We can say like we want to, you know, in order to do this, this would likely be at the...
Yeah.
Mhm.
Yep, good.
whoever the admin is for co-pilot level.
Mhm.
But just say that it is possible to get it on everyone's machine and have a status message like that. We can investigate if it's of interest. Basically, just phrase it like that. Don't phrase it like we have to do this, but if you wanted it to be available to all developers, even within a given team, you would just need to either have someone
Yeah.
work with us, that's a Copilot admin or a Codex admin for that matter, same thing. And then we could do this. It's a simple JSON file that literally just puts a repo link.
Mhm.
No.
And as long as someone has access to that repo, they'll be able to get into that location.
Yeah.
So.
Okay.
So those things there. Now, I know we want to talk about Singularity. I do want to talk to you about this other project as well. I'll let you pick what order you want to go in. So if Singularity is fresh in your mind, we can go there, or we can talk about the Cisco project for POC as well. So I'll let you
Mmh.
decide there what's best for your brain to work in what order.
Yeah.
Yeah, let's start with Cisco. We are on Cisco. Let's finish Cisco, then we can come to sing you that.
Okay.
All right, so there is a project and it is for a different team than Srinibus.
Singh.
Mmh.
And it is something that is called, it's essentially a UI conversion.
modernization type discussion.
Yep, I think you shared like the file with me also on this, correct?
So let me.
Yes.
And so let me give you a sense of what this actually looks like. I have the recording from the meeting, so I'm going to at least click around that to show you. Ironically, Cisco can just share WebEx meetings for internal meets without any kind of actual security, which is kind of funny.
Mm-hmm.
St.
Um...
But let me see, give you an example of what this looks like. So they have a legacy UI. Can you see my screen now?
Yep, yep.
That looks like this.
Oh.
Okay, it's based on an old Java framework, Java Swing.
****.
Mhm.
And it is built as a monolithic, what they call a fat client or a thick client, whatever you prefer. I think thick client is the politically correct term.
Yeah.
And I think, did I explain to you the background of why, what they're doing and why?
Nope, so I know that they are single from what you call changing from analytic to like angular plus the I think it was spring boot for the backend, right? Why? I don't think we discussed that, so...
Yeah.
Okay, let me explain on that one. So the why is, so basically they had a monolithic architecture with Java Swing. Super old framework, I think last updated 2008, something like that. It's around from the days of.NET.
Mhm.
The.
Okay, okay.
So what it does is it still, it follows an MVC architecture, which is different than Django MVT, model view controller. You know, and the view is not really a view in the Django sense, but the controller is essentially the router. The view is the business logic still.
Uh-huh.
But basically they had this architecture and then their cybersecurity team came to them and said, hey guys, this is way outdated. You guys are a walking security risk because you're using a framework that hasn't been updated in years and pretty much your entire code base is a violation.
Okay, that makes sense.
So, this, so they said, "Great, you know what? What a what a good reason to modernize the application."
Mhm.
And so they came back. They came back to that and said, let's redo this from the ground up. We'll take this application and we're going to redo it in Java Swing and change it over to be web-based with a microservices architecture.
Yeah.
Mhm.
And I'll share this transcript with you so you can see. But because they actually went through a lot of detail in this, I was able to get a lot of info out here. They actually simplified quite a bit too whenever they did that conversion.
Okay.
Mhm.
So totally new backend. What you're looking at is the old backend.
Okay.
Okay, okay, so back end has like what you call slight already slightly or totally migrated.
So, the...
Totally migrating.
Okay.
So in their words, 90, 95% feature migration, the ones that weren't migrated weren't needed.
Okay, okay.
So the old backend and front end together are called EPNM. So it's this, if you can see on my screen, this evolved programmable network manager.
Yeah.
Yep.
That's this EPNM is the old thick client monolithic version.
Mhm.
what they are trying to do, or what they ended up doing. So they said, okay, guys, yep, let's go and redesign the pull back end of this. Amazing, excellent, stupendous, superb. Let me go to show you the new version of this. I'll just click around for a second until I get to the screen.
We found, okay, there it is.
So they said, great, we're going to change all the stuff. And then they made this one.
which goes by two different names that mean the same thing. You can use them interchangeably. They are not equivalent, but the team itself uses different names for different things.
Ohh.
So that EPNM system moved from monolithic to microservices.
KP.
Mhm.
And a new framework, it moved from Java Swing to Java Spring Boot.
Okay.
And...
What they did here is they gave it a new name, which is either EMS or CNC.
Cross work network controller is CNC.
Uh-huh.
EMS is Element Management System. That is referring to specifically the front end, like HTML, CSS, JavaScript.
Open.
But it's still the CNC application.
Okay, okay.
So they should not call it two different names, but I'm just telling you, you know, for all purposes, they are effectively for what we're doing right here, interchangeable.
Um...
Yeah, you come on, you had me.
Yeah. Well, well, one is front end, one is front end and back end.
Put it that way.
So it's like, you know, EMS is just a subset of the CNC main application.
Okay, okay.
And why they've made a distinction, I think they probably just had EMS in mind when they started this, and then they never bothered updating the docs.
Yeah.
Um, so it, it for our purposes, that means the same.
When they did this, they changed the whole front end. They rebuild everything.
Yeah.
And you can see that this...
Still looks serious, yeah.
Yeah, yeah, that's what you get for using Java frameworks.
Yeah.
This is reboot version 9.
Yeah, so for they went from this.
Right.
And they are building this in 2026 and that totally looks like AI generated that design up to each square, right? Yeah.
Well, and exactly. And so this is where the funniest thing happened. This is what, this is, I'll explain why this is such a good project for us. This is why I'm getting you involved, even though I know you're already busy. I think you'll have so much fun with this. I'm going to put these screenshots in the chat just because it'll be helpful.
That's cool.
I.
Mhm.
And I'll give you the link to this as well.
O.
They did this change from EPNM to EPS or EMS, CNC, whatever.
Mm.
Here's the problem. They never asked any of their customers if they were cool with it.
No, they think I'll go for it.
They never did it.
Yeah, yeah, it's like some, and this is, by the way, this is like, you can tell what this is for. This is for the, you know, super large data centers to manage all the network devices and hardware.
OK.
So they have big clients, like real big clients.
Yeah, yep, yep.
So, so two of their biggest clients came to them and said, "What the actual F. did you do?"
Yeah.
So Verizon and AT&T both, which have approximately about 20,000 engineers globally using this application, this EPNM application for data center management.
Yes.
Mhm.
Came and said, Cisco.
First of all...
You know, really ****** *** right now. You changed this. I am not going to retrain all 20,000 of my people because you decided to not follow basic security posture for 20 years.
Yeah, yeah, yeah.
You know, like, and that's completely fair and valid. You know, it was one of those things where if it's not broke, don't fix it. And they didn't fix it and they didn't do any kind of checks.
Yeah.
And.
And so Verizon AT&T came to them and said, we will cancel our contract with you if this does not get resolved.
Okay.
And those contracts, you can only imagine what those are worth to Cisco.
Yep, yep.
So they're like, okay, well, ****.
Well, we already have this working old code base here with UPNM.
Yeah.
Mm-hmm.
But the problem is, is that even though...
Verizon and AT&T, they're so important. It's not like I can keep two applications running in parallel with each other.
Okay.
Right, because then they have to maintain two separate code bases. They have to essentially double their team. And their intention is that it still gets put to end of life eventually.
Yep, yep, that's why they did the modernization effort.
So...
Right, so it's like a it's a really tough situation they're in, and luckily they've come to the most logical outcome solution, which is what our project is.
So the point is, though, they have a really ****** *** customer right now because they made design changes without telling anyone. And Verizon basically said, put it back, change it back.
Mmh.
Yep, yep.
So where this is going now is the at least the logical outcome is Cisco says, okay, we are in trouble because we made this change. We already have a working back end with the new microservices architecture. All that's working and it's done.
It's the front end that's the problem, not the back end.
Mhm.
And the way to think about this is like almost like we're re-skinning an application.
Yep, yeah.
And...
So basically what they want to do is they want to...
And I'll bring in what the AI aspect of this is in a moment, but what they want to do is they want to effectively have.
These screens.
with a button on them like, let me see here, I can show you. So they want this screen to exist.
and they want to add in a button like this one up here. Like, you know, this toggle button that says new foundry.
Okay, yep, yep.
They want to add one of those in.
that could switch back and forth between the old and new interface.
Yep.
That's it.
Singh.
And so the thing is that the backend has to remain.
Yeah.
You know, it still has to be this microservices backend. So the work here is kind of two different parts. Part one is you have to...
You know, first of all, be thankful that the HTML CSS for this is already available in its own repository.
Mhm.
No, no, that's really great.
And app this front end to the...
Was that?
Yeah, I was saying that's really great. Like, or else we would have to like go to each of these and scrape all the elements and placement and everything else. So if we have HTML available, that's great. If we did not have, like, we can go through the whole website or even just this recording, capture these, what you call, screenshots and drop them in like Gemini 3.
Yes.
Pro, like, yeah, it can uh change these back to like CSS and HTML, yeah.
But great, we have those, yeah.
The good thing is for both.
For both repositories, both the new and the old, we have the full complete access to all the GitHub for all the code, front end, back end.
Mhm.
Uh, everything.
Okay.
So we do have like literally every bit of access that we could ever need with this. And they're giving this because they are in trouble. They're like, crap.
Yes.
And you have to think too, like this was, they're doing this in like the Cisco way, so it's not a small effort. I think this was like a two year effort for modernization. So you have to think about the fatigue as well. Like imagine you got done with something after two, we do TalentAI and I'm like, Saurav, we gotta redo everything.
Oh.
Yeah, and that to how it was earlier.
You know.
Right, right. I mean, the team, I mean, it's deflating. I mean, it's just a thing. So what's...
What they are trying to do is essentially have that toggle button so that they can switch back and forth between screens. There's only two screens that they want to do to start. That's the POC focus, two individual screens only.
Mhm.
Okay.
OK.
So that's the, they basically want to see if we can do this at all.
Mhm.
Now there were, I think on this call at one point, there were about 15 people.
Okay.
So they have a big team doing this and they're like, I don't even know how to start.
Mhm.
Their delivery that they are trying to go for, and I'll explain, let me get through like the strategic aspect of this, because there's a lot to unpack here. They are trying to do a deploy in August.
to have all this work done. There's a, I think, a total of 250 screens.
Mhm.
So the screens just look like this. Most of them are info screens, like I'm showing you right now.
Yeah.
And the backend logic is already divided in, correct?
Already done, yeah. It's just it needs stitched to the proper front end.
The.
Mhm.
And if they have pop-ups like this, they're still very simple. They're just basically retrieving from one singular Postgres database in the background.
Yeah, yeah, no state management. I think like this is from 1980s, so what can we expect? Yeah.
Nothing.
Yeah.
Great.
And even whenever they have more advanced features, because I was asking them, let me see if I can pull up the ones where it's showing the devices. Yeah, like these ones. These have API calls that are talking to existing network interfaces. So we don't even have to do that.
Mhm.
Um...
Okay.
There's something, let me see here, it's one with a picture, that in the old system they were pulling from Oracle. In the new system, there's no such integrations.
OK.
So you can think of this as very control panel oriented. Like, there's not like, like even for these things that say like alarms and alerts, those are literally just API calls to other things that already exist.
Mhm.
OKOK.
Like this is really just, you know, it's API in, API out. The good thing is that's already done. So it's just a matter of stitching things together, mapping out what the equivalency is, all those different things.
Yeah.
Mhm.
So.
They have all these people. There is no way that they're going to even touch on August. We've been talking about this for over a month and a half and they still haven't even started. It's like they're paralyzed.
So, where?
No one wants to do it, like, simply, like, no one wants to touch it again after working for two years on this one, yeah.
Yeah, it's like, where do, where do we even start, you know?
Like, what do we, what do we do here? Where do we go from here?
Yeah.
So.
where I told them we can come in is I'm like, okay, this is not actually that bad. I'm not trying to under-complicate it and we're making some assumptions, but I'll explain what we're going to do here. The screen complexity itself is not that bad.
Mhm.
From an HTML CSS perspective, they're not doing any wizardry here. These are basic display functions.
There's some things that are on the page that are a little bit more complex because there's a lot of drop-down menus, but still, that's something that could be found out and explored.
Seth.
Yep.
So the idea here that we propose to them is do this with Agentic.
Mhm.
Start out with building a mapping. Do first of all, start out with discovery.
do something deterministic here where we are figuring out what exists and what doesn't. And before we even start, let's do a gap analysis.
Big.
Hmm.
Because the real question to answer that is not a contingent factor to us, you know, having the contractor not, is can it realistically be done for all the screens before August?
With testing, like with testing.
Mhm.
Yep, yep.
My thing is like, yeah.
I think the main thing would be testing only. Do we have access to all the API calls they are making? Like, we should have data coming in, correct? Or do they have any type of like mock thing already set up which can at least give us mock data for like quick development?
The good answer is yes. Yes.
Yeah, so those.
Okay, great.
So, and they will give us literally whatever we want. Already it's happened. This is like night and day with Cerny Bus's project.
Yeah, yeah, I was going to rant, rant to you, like, I'm not enjoying this, just sitting for, like, that's why, like, the moment I got actually, I was like, yeah, go jail to something.
Like, like I have people throwing stuff at me.
Yes. Well, this one you won't have any such concern. I can tell you that.
The.
Yeah.
So they will give whatever access we need. They're actually, they gave me access to their production instance without really asking for it. Because for them, they're screwed. You know, like they're in like true trouble mode. They're like, we need someone to help us. This isn't getting done unless someone else helps.
Mhm.
Yep, yep.
And.
So, what I told them is, look, you know, start out, do this with, you know, do this the right way. Let me see if I can find the other document for this, so it explains.
You should ask, like, Cowork to organize these, like, yeah, they did a great job on my end at least.
Yeah.
I really need to. I really need to. I have so much stuff at this point. I'm drowning.
Yes.
Yeah, I'm like, Joe, just go and organize my download folder, don't delete anything, move it to five folders, and if you cannot like decide, just put it in others other folder, like yeah, just do your work.
Yeah, because I'm a mess, you can tell already.
So, let me see.
Let me see what was the name of the file you shared. So one was POC proposal V file.
Here, here it is, here it is.
Okay, you did not share this one.
Uh-huh.
Oh no, I have it. Agent UI conversion 3.
So.
Okay, so here's what I was saying. So have one thing that deterministically goes out and explores the code base. Essentially, it is doing just a basically what we do with tree and cloud code.
Mmh.
Build a map. That's it. Build a map.
Yep, yep.
And then try to say, here is the equivalent for, and start out, just focus on the two screens. So don't try to boil the ocean. But let's say for those two screens, let's say, can we build a mapping of, you know, what it was in the old version and what it is in the new version, both from a UI standpoint as well as a backend standpoint.
Okay, so what the functions are being called in the previous one and what it is renamed or what exactly changed where exactly everything is mapping, correct?
Right, right. And essentially that will give us both the mapping as well as give us kind of a gap analysis.
Yep, yep.
And what I had flagged to them is that gap analysis is so important because they can say all day long that it's 90% converted.
Yep.
but it doesn't matter if it's not.
So for us, you know, I want to make sure there's no minefield items that are here, that they say, oh, it's 90% converted, except for the most complex 10%. And by the way, that's on you.
Mhm.
Yeah.
So I told them for discovery before I even agree to the timeline, we will do the discovery. We will do the POC.
Mane.
It's by August end, okay? May, June, July, August. Okay, so technically or theoretically, let's put that in quotes. If we can like map out everything, we can even build like a back end.
Right.
So.
Right, right, and so this is where...
But that should be like, yeah, properly scaffolded agentic development, yeah, and no human involved, like end to end, you know, because like, if we have like human involved, human will become like a bottleneck for this type of thing, at least till that they have like a...
Let me.
Working app, no human involvement, then, for like minor things, we can add in like a human to go ahead and do some minor changes, but if we want to move ahead with velocity, we need like proper automation for this, like, and...
Yeah.
Right. Now, and let me show you too what this looks like, because this is so funny, because what we can do here, because I told them, I'm like, I'm going to overquote this because you guys aren't, you know, at that point I hadn't had access to the repository. They kind of have to do this. They talked to other vendors and were the only ones they felt confident with moving forward.
Mm.
Okay, okay.
They just want to see a POC. I'll explain the strategic part of this in a moment, because there's way, this is way bigger than I'm making it sound. And I'll explain why. You'll see the urgency here on our part.
Mhm.
Yep, I'm like getting a bit of the urgency from there, like those are two biggest clients for Cisco, right? Cisco is already big, so yeah, but I'd love to hear more about like what other like things are affecting this or surrounding this whole thing.
So.
So, there is, so this project is for someone named Guhan. Guhan is like anand for, you know, the Cisco project for the CICD project.
Mhm.
So, Selva is like Srinivas level.
There's a person named Silva, which you'll see whenever you look at the recording.
Is this us? Yes, right here in the top right.
Okay, Silva.
Then what?
Up, up, okay, so, so, so, Virmani.
Yeah.
Let me see if I can pull up Guhan so you can get a sense for him.
Um, so Guhan is Silva's boss. Suva is in charge of all these guys.
Um, Guhan, I don't see Guhan on here.
Yeah, he probably was out, and because Guhan is like big boss.
Yeah.
Okay, okay.
I think Salva's right-hand man is this Praveen.
Mhm.
And then Aditi is the, you know, one of the main like developer guys that's like lower, lower than Salva and Praveen, but still very important from a architecture perspective.
Uh, Ho.
This, Aditi, this middle, middle row, first column.
Okay, okay, yep, yep.
So, all of these guys report up to Guhan.
So, Guhan is like a non Singh from the CICD engagement.
Mhm.
Skip up two levels in New York.
and you get to the VP of a couple of different platforms, which include Nexus OS, like for CI/CD. They include this platform for APNM and CNC. This person's name is Venkat.
So, Venkat Krishna, he is like big boss at Cisco, like really big.
Mhm.
The trick with him is that somehow Zahra, on our team, knew him from a long time ago.
Okay, okay, nice.
So somehow we have this guy who, you know, could probably buy a boat every day of his life if he wanted to. Just to give you an idea, his Cisco username is venkat at cisco.com.
So, think, think of how many bankets are at Cisco. He's important enough that he got his is just banked at Cisco.com.
Yeah.
Yep, yep.
The.
Yeah, and moreover, like he might also be from that time when they were not even including surnames in the domain, because they were that that little people, so it might also be like he's from in the org, like for a long time.
Right, so, so this guy oversees like a portfolio, like $4 billion.
Mm.
Okay.
Like, he's huge. Like, he's a big guy at Cisco, and yet we have access to him. So he's been feeding us some information behind the scenes, and he's the person that is going to approve or deny the budget for this project.
Mm.
Now, he's there's one more thing that we can we need out of this that we're trying to get. Cisco is just like every vendor at this point is trying to cut down on who they do business with.
Mm-hmm. Okay.
Because they're like, look, there's so many products out there. We don't need to talk to 300 people to solve one problem. Let's cut down. And whenever that cut down happens, that means that companies that are bigger than day one typically survive.
No.
Yeah.
Mhm.
And companies like Bay One, technically, typically you're seen as like a little fish.
And, you know, because you have to think like, I mean, you're, I think you're, what, your sister? Your sister would know what we're talking about here. You're not talking, you know, day one we're talking about, we've got a couple of people on a project. Other places probably have like, you know, hundreds or even thousands of people.
Yep.
Yeah.
Mhm.
across the whole organization.
Yep, yep.
Yep.
Mhm.
So.
What they had given us though is there is something that is a carve out for vendors, which is called the niche vendors list.
Okay.
And on that, they are going to put on vendors there that have some kind of distinguishing, differentiating capability that they offer.
Mhm.
And we talked to Venkat and we said, what the hell do you mean? Because that could mean literally anything.
Yep, yeah, they give gold like pancakes.
And he said back.
Right, right. And realistically, I was like, that sounds like some made up crap so that it can be, you know, your bodies get shortlisted.
And I'm like, that sucks, because that means that we're going to lose all work at Cisco at some point.
Yeah.
Mm-hmm.
So I said, tell me about this. I want to know this because to me, that's worth more than any contract is continuity of business.
Mhm.
I'd rather take a loss on a project than I would to say that we're never going to be able to do a project at a giant client like Cisco ever again.
Yep.
And, you know, for no reason other than they're slimming down their vendors list.
Yeah, it's like, what do you call, most of the guys are building like generic products that too with the help of GPT, OpenAI, or Opus or whatever model you're trying to use. They also know like what exactly is happening. So it does not make sense from like a company perspective as well to use like.
O.
or to call 300 or 400 vendors for those kind of similar kind of things.
You.
Right.
And so for, let me see if I can show you this funny thing. I'll show you a funny slide just as some comic relief for a moment.
Yeah.
This is a PowerPoint that I put together for...
some of my friends, just personally.
Mhm.
Because.
Yeah.
So it's like this, like every vendor's like this, you know, it's just, you know, basic behind the scenes stuff.
The.
Yeah.
Yeah, and it's a matter of, you know, they're seeing a lot of this junk. There's a lot of people that can do the same thing. They're trying to slow it down because it gets really expensive even to just manage all those.
So what I asked him, you know, what is the criteria to get on that niche vendors list? And he said the goal is to have a vendor that can show that they are able to do a project with 100% AI generated code.
Mhm, Okay.
And I said, that's it.
You know, I'm like, that's it. Because it's not that it has to be fully agentic or, you know, you know, autonomous. It's that they want to show a vendor that is able to use AI to write something end to end. Kind of exactly what we do with Cloud Code already.
No.
Yep, and accelerated coding workflow, like, yeah.
And so I...
Right, and you can clearly see where this is going. You know, their goal is not truly that. I said that, I was like, I'm calling throwing the ******** card because, you know, I know from a strategic angle that that's not true. Like the sales team's hearing that, they're like, oh my God, we got to do this. And I'm like, you have to understand what they're really saying. They are saying that they are going to trim people that are not that.
O, if you're a smaller company.
and you don't already have like 1000 resources at Cisco deployed, they're going to say that they don't want to work with you unless you're able to be more efficient, use less people to do more work.
Mm.
and that you are the cutting edge of the tools. You're not like those old shops that just throw people at a problem.
Mhm.
and call it a day. Like, and I was like, the output of this is once they get those people, they're going to say, we want you to deliver faster for less money.
Yep.
Mhm.
So I'm like, let's not kid ourselves, but let's also fight one word at a time. I want to get on that list. Because if we don't get on that list, it doesn't even matter, you know, for the rest, because we're not even.
Yeah, yeah.
Yeah, we are like on the bench for the rest of the game.
Right, right.
****.
So what I said is, look, this project itself, let's make this the showcase project for that effort.
And so I hit him with this.
Mhm.
I said, look, we will do this. We'll do the POC.
We are going to do this by deliverable and outcome. We are not going to do this by headcount.
Let me, I'll show you the math on this and your jaw is going to hit the floor. We will do these 250 screens. We will do the conversion. We will do this with 100% AI generated code. We will do it agentic style or with skills.
We will also optionally add in quality engineering to, throughout the development of this, use Playwright to go and verify different screens and test them out.
Mhm.
Those are the three big, you know, kind of proposal items that I gave.
with some assumptions there.
So the assumptions between 240 to 260 screens, they have to give us access to everything.
and including the AI tooling, they have to make themselves available. They have to pick the screens for conversion, which they have.
They have to make the environments available to us fully. They have to make the test resources available to us when we need them. And we have to have, their promise that things are 90% done has to be true.
Okay. Okay.
And if anything here is wrong or shifts, there has to be a change request to add more money.
And then I hit him with this.
Mhm, true.
I said, give me $500,000.
Neha.
And they didn't say no.
No.
So, let's talk about this for a minute, because that is crazy. I was like, you know, I was expecting them to say no and to negotiate this.
Yeah.
Mhm.
They said, okay, we'll try to find the buddy.
Yeah, because like for AI also they are only paying correct for the tools and everything else. Plus on top of that.
Correct. They are literally paying for everything. Yeah.
So I went and I did this.
Yeah, they are in some deep trouble.
Yes. And that means that I get to kind of be a bully.
That means that I could go and say, I want this much money to do it, and you can't stop me if you want to say no. I already told them, you know, go ahead. I was like, if you guys want to say no, fine. We won't do it. I don't need to, you know, you guys are the ones in trouble, not me. You guys try to explain to Venkat that you didn't get this done.
Yeah.
Mhm.
You guys, you know, you want to, you didn't even Venk it. I was like, you want to see what happens when a VP loses a contract with Verizon and AT&T?
Yeah.
VP doesn't become a VP for much longer.
So I said, let me do this with, what, 10 people.
Okay.
10 people. This is how I made the costing work. And that's how I justified the 500K. I said, if we want to meet margin.
We'll add a 50% margin, which is already amazing.
Right, so we'll hit this 50% margin, which is amazing. So we'll make 250K out of the 500 with everyone fully paid for at a very good rate, even internal.
Okay.
Mm.
Here's the trick. Do I actually need this many people?
Not.
And when I do that...
But I think, like, if they are providing us what do you call licenses for codex and plot code, if they are able to provide plot code, then that's good, but maybe they will see if we are using 10 or not, like.
Oh no, well, that's the trick. I said that this is not headcount based, this is outcome based. So even if the number of licenses doesn't match, because they never even get to see this. This is only internal for my calculation.
Mhm.
No.
Great.
So for them, they just know that these are the deliverables, these are the timelines, these are the things that will happen, and the how the work gets done and by whom, that's none of their concern. It's just a matter of providing access as needed and agreeing that these outcomes are what they want.
KP.
My point for this is this is where I said
Let me try this.
Just so you can see how this is going to work. Watch what happens whenever I...
Take away half the people.
We have like an 80% margin.
Mhm, yeah.
And that is with what's called loaded cost, aka me overestimating by 20%.
That means we would make $400,000 on this.
which is 4 times the amount for the CICD work.
Nice.
No.
So.
This is why this is a big deal. This is why I wanted to get on this as quick as we can.
If this works, we get something that's literally four times as valuable as CICD. We get on that niche vendors list.
Thank you.
Mhm.
We have a much better project with a much more compliant team and a much more complicit team, I should say.
and much more support so we're not sitting around waiting.
Mm-hmm.
ground, but you can already tell the pace of work for CICD isn't quite there.
You know, I told Neha and Zahra yesterday, I was like, there's no reason why we need four people right now. Like, honestly, like, there's a lot to do, but the pace at which it's able to get done.
Yeah.
Beauty.
It's like hiring them for like sitting and waiting for access.
Yeah, that's.
Correct. And I was like, so even the people that are already on the project, I can, you're already onboarded onto Cisco. You already have, you know, accounts and hardware and all that.
Yeah.
So I can pull you into this project, which makes that margin even better.
Um...
You know, that makes that margin even better because we're already paid for.
Mhm.
You know, both both you and I, we're already full-time employees at day one, so regardless of, you know, if we're shared across projects.
The costing is great.
The good thing is, by the way, we get commission for these projects. So one sweetening to the pot that I can add for you is you do make commission based upon the margin.
Mhm.
Hang on.
Like you personally get a bonus out of this?
All right.
Yeah, yeah, I, I like to write things up.
Who doesn't let us go and speak?
Well, and if that margin's even better, that's what I'm saying. The bonus is proportionally better too.
If we get, if we hit an 80% margin, uh, you can probably take a month off of work.
Mmh.
and, you know, go on a like super nice vacation. So I'll show you what those numbers look like. But that's my motivation. I'm like, if we can get a head start on this, the big trick is that we have to deliver it. The first thing is the POC as the first priority. If we get the POC done,
Mhm.
and we can show it, then we give the contract.
No.
For the POC, what we need to do is we just need to take these two screens, do the mapping.
Kind of along the way, think about some agents and skills, for instance, to do that, like some documentation for them.
Nope.
And simply do those two screens conversion.
and then show them, you know, here we were able to do it, done.
Yeah.
Then, you know, we sign the SAURAV, they give us that money, and then we have to, you know, do this, we'll get through, you know, talk about the testing suite and all that stuff.
And then we get a really cool project. Yes, it is a little bit tight on the timeline, but I told them, you know, we have to start this by beginning of May at the absolute latest for this to be reasonably achievable by August.
Yep, makes sense.
So we have time, you know.
Yep, no.
So from the POC perspective, here's the caveats that I can give for you. Number one is that it's in Java.
Yeah.
Not bad, but also, you know, limits a little bit what we can do of our own intelligence. It might be unfamiliar patterns, but that's something which we can accommodate for, for sure.
Number 2 is that we have to do it and it has to basically be perfect for these first two screens.
Singh.
They chose the screens kind of intentionally.
So this screen is an inventory management screen.
Mhm.
And it's not like we have to go through and do like, you know, 100 different screens. It's just we have to do like the first sublevel of the screen.
and then just have the toggle back and forth. There's an inventory screen and then there's a status screen. Let me see if I can find the status screen.
So that's the inventory.
I think this is the status screen.
Still inventory.
Anyway, there's one like this that just shows values that are stored in the database. That's it.
Okay.
That is it.
Mhm.
So that is the scope for the POC, to just do the mapping, do the gap analysis, figure out if there's any, you know, mines in the minefield for the conversion, at least for those two screens.
I.
In parallel, we can do the full mapping for the whole code base, but I can do that in parallel to say, like, this is the working process that's going to take time, and it's a massive code base, so it's not just going to be like one Claude session's going to nail it. It's going to probably run us out of usage almost instantly.
Mhm.
Yep, yep, we have to type what they call various various sub agents on each of like the modules and then create documents for those and then create run other sub agents to like cross reference and verify and do this in like 2-3 times loop.
But I'll take care of some of that.
Yep.
So, that then may have everything like what you want and down to the name.
Right, right.
It might take some time.
But the good thing is, is we can do this in parallel. The big thing that I'm wanting to pull you in on this for is the skills.
Mhm.
So what I'm thinking is at least to start out, I think long term we'll probably want to go something a little bit more complex like land graph. But even in the short term, we have an objective. Here's the, we have code base A, we have code base B, full access.
The first would be like how, like to give this kind of a plan, because it doesn't even have to be a skill. It could just be a plan for how we are going to tackle this, you know, between the code bases. And I think part of that is exploratory at the same time.
Mhm.
And then after that happens, let's try to do the conversion and probably do it in a focused way. For instance, like I could think of like a workflow that's like, step one, make sure the UI is there, everything's clickable, maybe nothing's connected, but at least placeholders are there.
Yep.
toggle back and forth works. And step 2, start to stitch in some of the back-end features, make sure that nothing breaks.
Sorry.
Mhm.
Step 3, maybe for the first time, get the playwright agent or skill set up that can do some background things for us to go and, you know, basically try different things out with playwright as a, you know, a playbook and, you know, fill out a checklist. Like this screen looks the same as the old one, you know, visual comparison. It doesn't even need to be.
AI, it could just be a plain playwright script.
Mhm.
And then basically keep doing all of this until those two screens are converted. And we don't even have to, you know, for instance, host it. That's the other thing. I was like, okay, well, it might take a while to host it up. And they're like, no, no, no, we can spin you up a new version of EPS or EMS, excuse me. So we'll spin up the whole version for you. We'll take care of the deploys for you.
you just build the code and we'll give you whatever you need. So I'm like, oh, sweet.
Okay.
We don't even need to worry about building.
OK, so do we get like access to the what do you call their whole CICD pipeline?
Correct.
Full, full open seasoning.
So we can like keep on exploring for like CICD as well while working on this.
Correct. Correct.
Mm.
What I've been telling Neha and Zahra is the moment someone gives me access to their code base, it's game over.
Yep.
You know, you are mine forever now, because I can get so much out of that. You know, I know what projects you've got in the pipeline. I know what you have been struggling with. I know it works. I know it doesn't. You know, it's game over. Like, it's...
No.
Yeah.
So for a project like this, big deal, definitely a fun one. The agentic part, this is where we don't need to necessarily do this like we did for the Sephora demo.
Mhm.
Like it doesn't have to be a framework like that. It wouldn't make much sense. This is more to show the capability and to show that there is a plan and architecture, a process that we're following and the outcome is the working.
you know, 2 screens with the toggle button at the top.
Yep, yep.
I like for the tools to be have any considerations like are we going to use Codex, Copilot or any they are open to anything?
They are open to anything right now, because I talked to them about this. Now for them, I brought up Cloud Code and I got a go ahead.
I.
Now, their big thing is that they want it to be done on their hardware. They have not said anything about the accounts. So for this, I am not shying away from, you know, mixing and matching here. I'll be, you know, completely honest, I already have Cloud Code installed. I've already started exploring the code base with Cloud Code.
Mhm.
No, so you can try that plugin. There was a CC plugin for Claude and Claude to connect to Codex. OK, it's like what do you call adversarial prompting after we have our responses or the code generator generated.
It's like an adversary prompt to codex, like Keith, go check this work and give me some good output. So you can add that plugin as well if you want. So you can like, if we already have like the codex tokens available, why not use it?
Yes.
Okay.
Oh yeah, oh yeah. Well, I'm probably going to end up using both because I have Cloud Code installed on the Cisco machine. Yep, it's logged in with my Bay One account. Yes, that will use my Bay One tokens, but I know it's a big code base, so I'm planning on probably, you know, having some repeatable workflow with both Codex and with Cloud Code.
Because I just don't want to run out of, you know, and sit there and be like, oh my God, I don't want to do this exploration myself, but I've got the exploration on one side that I need to do. On the other hand, I need to actually do the conversion too.
Mhm.
So cloud code is there kind of, because I can always just, yeah.
And so on.
I have like, yeah, I have like technically not tried Gemini for like code base mapping, but it should be like good based on like the context window and other like understanding it provides based on like what do you call?
Gemini 3, right?
Mhm.
Do we have option for that or should we consider that?
I'm open to it. So if you want it, I'll enable it.
Uh, and what, what am I learning? Yeah.
Because like I have not tried it on my end like before to map the code base with Gemini, but it should be cheaper, faster and yeah, at least we will have what you call one run of it and we can run them in parallel just go ahead and map everything for two, three agents. Do it for like a couple of modules, then we can check who is doing a better job of this.
Yeah.
Yeah, for sure. And for this project, now, this is where we'll be a little bit tactful. And I know it sounds a little bit sketch, but bear with me. They have not specified on, you know, because I've asked the question as to what AI tools do you have. These guys like don't even use Copilot. So they don't even know what the heck I'm talking about.
I.
Um...
Mm.
So for us, I've been able to use Cloud Code. Now, is that correct? No. But is that an actual problem? Well, it's only a problem if it's detectable and if I'm going to get in trouble for it.
Thanks.
So on my end, I've already done that. I'm not going to do it for Srinivas's project. But if, like, let's say for this POC, you wanted to try to use, you know, Gemini, Cloud Code, Codex, whatever else, and as long as they're available in the VS Code CLI.
Yeah.
It's totally fine. Because it looks like they don't have any way to detect that type of interaction.
Mhm.
So, you know, for sake of a POC, completely fine. For this, they're not going to, you know, say, oh, you got to use Codex versus Cloud Code or Gemini, given the urgency.
Yep, information.
So, they're not gonna, you know, pick pick hairs apart at that.
So if you need it, we'll get it.
OK.
Um...
The big thing here is just the speed and especially the POC. So for POC's sake, we'll have to, what they wanted to do, they were asking for. I told them that I could have things ready by the 27th at the latest, which gives us a full two weeks at this point, for just those two screens.
Mm-hmm.
KP.
So I already right now have all access to everything.
Okay.
I will get you that access as well.
And basically that's full unadulterated access to all of their repository for these two, plus they have a full actual documentation as to what is stored where already ready for us to.
Sure.
Ohh, that's great. Thank you.
Yeah, this is Night and Day with Cernicus.
Like night and day.
Like they do not even have a read me in there.
Seriously.
Yeah.
Yeah, well, I mean, especially for a team that's doing AI solutions and like there's stuff you do first.
You know, and it's not that bad, like it's really not that bad, and if you say that it is, you're just kind of being lazy, to be honest, but...
So this is the project. So what I'll do, I know obviously it's going to be really tough for you to do anything here until your Cisco machine's working.
Yeah, what I can do is, like, at least work on an angular skill, which can build us like components and map things. That may be something I can do on, like, and it does not need like Cisco access, and it might even be like...
Um...
Helpful for us for like other projects as well.
Yes, yes, exactly. And then the other thing that you could do in the meantime too, and we'll probably just for you because of time, and if you want to continue, I'm happy to, or we can do this tomorrow as well for Singularity, because I know we've been talking for a long time.
It's the other part with deep agents. You know, our deep agents, whenever we go beyond the sake of a POC, our deep agents are a good fit here because once you're trying to do this at scale, coordinated with playwright also going on.
Yeah.
Does it make more sense to do skills plus, you know, LaneGraph plus deep agents to do this at full pace? Because I feel like we could actually do this in a lot shorter than three months. Even the...
Yep, yep, that's what I was saying. Like, if we have like mapping then correctly, so it's a lot of time we can do like both front end, back end, everything in between, but yeah, if like there are some complex things which we have yet not seen or some technical dev.
Right.
Already in there, that's like completely different case.
Right, right. And that's where, you know, for me, I'm like, okay, we, if we can get this, and even, you know, we have time, because I tried to tell, because people were asking me for costing sick, they were like, how do you cost a project like this? And I'm like, uh-uh, this is a project where you're essentially doing the same task.
with some variation over and over and over again.
Yep.
You know, it's like if we were to change from the Phoenix theme to something else in Talent AI.
Oh, oh, what an idea. So we can use the concept of like auto research on the agent. Like go ahead and do this till we have one to one replica of these components. If it is yes, okay. If it is no, again.
No.
Right, yeah.
Yes.
Yeah.
And I'm like, if you actually do that, if you actually get that out, just think for a second, because I tried to tell them, it's not a matter of scaling, it's a matter of the process. Technically, yes, more hands will make this go faster. But this is 1 where even one person, once you have some automation to this and a system in place, you are going to be, it's going to be hard to do costing for this project because it's not like a traditional.
project. It's not like there's a some amount of work and I can do like a scrum map and say, here's, there's, you know, 800 man hours here that we need to account for. Because this is something that could mostly be done with Gentic. Once you have the process in place, you know, you can do 90% of this.
Yep, yep.
on skill mode and then the 10%, you know, this little tweak that we have to do as humans for testing. That's at least the assumption, of course.
Yep.
But here's the thing, I have budget for 10 people.
If we get all 10 people, we still make a 50% margin, still make 250 KP.
Yep, yep.
If we use less people, proportionally that goes way up. But the point is that we have that buffer. So if we do hit places where there's assumptions made that are not correct, we do have a buffer to say, okay, if we need more people, we can get more people.
Okay.
And we can also use this to hire who we want. I can use this to, you know, even for yourself. I tried to say, you know, look, need commission. So I have plenty of budget to go around now. If we would get this SAURAV signed with them, statement of work. I have plenty of budget to throw around to justify.
Mhm.
you know, additional people, which is already justified in the cost, you know, giving everyone commission as part of the project. I'm like, let's do this with less, you know, Bay One's still making a killing here, but let's give our people something back too for doing this work. That's a great project. So
Okay.
Anyway, um, so that is...
Yeah.
The information, I'm going to share with you too, the repository. So I finally have all of these online on GitHub. I'll share with you the repository for Singularity for the project. So you can see the full progression, chain of events, all the conversations, all the detail that's happened. There's some good bits in there. You know, like even all of this, there's some really good.
Mhm.
Information and detail in there.
Sure, sure. I will make sure to take a look on that.
So.
Yeah.
But OK, so.
Just have a think on this. I know it's late for you, so we can jump if you want. Have a think on this. Whenever you get your Cisco laptop online, I will already have access for you waiting on this.
Mm-hmm.
I'm gonna see how Srikar and Namita are.
With this, the trick is that you know you're less visible because you're not in person.
Yep, yep.
So like Srikar and Namita, like Srinivas, like they sit next to him. So if they disappear to go work on EPNM, he's going to get ******.
Yeah.
But I'm okay.
Obviously, yeah, he's paying you.
Yeah.
Well, I mean, the stupidest thing with that, I mean, I'll just, I'll vent on my side for a second. I did not have anything to do with the costing or resourcing for the CIC project. That was entirely another person. That's very important to be one. That's all I will say. That throughout a random number without really much thought,
No.
and got a yes back when they weren't expecting a yes.
And I was like, oh my god, why would you do that? You know, you have to do things the right way for projects.
Hey.
Yeah.
You know, that's why, you know, it's headcount based for CICD. I hate headcount based because people will nickel and dime you.
Yep, yep.
Um...
Tell me how much this is worth to you. Don't ask me when you buy a car how many people were involved in the creation of the car and what their hourly rates were. Tell me how much the car is worth.
Yep.
You know.
Yep, what it means to you, like this guy, yeah.
Yeah, and if, and if it, if you want to nickel and dime that, then go with a different vendor. I'm not going to waste my time here, and I'm not, you know, because that's a very staffing mindset. People are always asking, like, how do we get people to not think of us as like a staffing and think of us as solutions? And, like, do you think PWC is telling you how much a headcount resource is?
You know, they don't do that. They promise that people will be involved, like they'll say like senior partner with experience in this area will be a part of the project, but they're not telling you his rate and they're not tying it back to that. They're going off of deliverables and timelines.
Yeah.
Okay.
Yep.
We'll do this.
That's why like the CIT project, so EPNM project, they don't, we don't have to care about that because I already have that covered. CICD, the person that did the costing at first was a dummy. I can't say who it is because they would fire me if I said, frankly, but.
Yes.
you know, they made it headcount based because they were used to staffing. And I was like, oh my God, you could have made so much more money off of this. Now I have to have two people in person in California.
which is like the most costly. You know, I like Namita and Srikar, but if it were me, I would say there's no reason why you actually have to be in person for more than one person here.
Yep.
Here.
Yeah, like there's nothing. Like it's good to talk to people, but even with Justin Joseph.
That's all virtual.
Mhm.
You know, so anyway, long story short, with CICD, I can kind of put you on for both because I already know CICD is at the current pace is not going to take 100% of your bandwidth.
Yep, yep.
Plus, you have all the access.
Yeah, sure.
All right, well, I'll give you some time to digest, but I will get back on this one tomorrow. Just keep me in the loop if you need anything with your Cisco hardware.
Yep.
Sure.
Tomorrow we can talk about singularity as well.
Yep, like I have a couple of documents prepared for like singularity as well. But yeah, I will like revisit the skill again to make sure that you did not make any changes.
Oh, I do have some big changes coming. I'm not going to push them. I'm going to call it like Singularity V2 so you can clearly see what was changed and why. But I'm actually going to push that today. There's been a lot of changes. They're mostly new things that I added on.
Okay.
OK, yeah, makes sense.
So you'll see that they're nothing too crazy. There's A singularity inside of a singularity now. So there's a nesting potential that happens. So like if you have like a sub engagement while you're doing an engagement, you can focus in on that instead of having everything jumbled together. So it's organizations improved.
Mhm.
Some of the skills and enforcement hooks are improved. Anyway, there's a whole document I put on that. So you can see it. I'm not going to merge the skills yet in the main plugin. I'm going to have it as V2 for testing. And then if that works great, then we can blend them in.
Yep, yep.
Accent.
Alright.
Sure.
I know we covered a ton. Any immediate questions on anything?
Nothing immediately, yeah, it's pretty straightforward. Rest, I will take a look at the like docs also, which you shared earlier one more time, as well as like the meeting meeting itself, which you have shared, and yeah, rest, let's wait for Cisco laptop and yeah.
Yeah, sounds good. Sounds good.
Alright, OK.
Yeah, and yeah, just correct me if I'm wrong from the from what I'm getting, the back end is on currently back end is already on Spring Boot and we need angular front end on that, correct?
That's right, that's right. And from my understanding, yeah, completely Java Spring Boot. I can see the repository myself. Like I'm on it right now on GitHub. The code base is 99% Java.
Mhm.
Okay, okay.
So, so that's good, actually, because Java's simple, like quite simple, so...
Yep, yep.
And the ironic thing.
It's verbose, but yeah, at least it makes sense.
Well, and once you see even the...
Yeah.
I mean, once you see this code base, it's not nearly as complex as it should be. And what even what they've done is they have like multiple sub repositories for focused areas, which makes life even easier. So like, let me, I'm going to try to send you a screenshot of this right now so you can.
Mhm.
Okay.
Get a sense.
I'll send it on your Cisco.
Yep, yes.
On your webx.
Don't get anything that might get you in trouble, like.
No.
I'm on the pirate ship now.
On.
See.
Yeah, one feedback I have for like the Cisco team, the onboarding experience has been like abysmal like.
Yeah. Oh, yeah.
No idea what you have to do or anything of those sorts. No document, no touch points, nothing. Just here's the laptop, go ahead and do everything. That's like pretty bad. I don't know what happens for the new hires, but at least for us who are joining through like suppose a vendor.
Yes.
Nah.
It's, well, I mean, there is another guy. His name was also, his name was Saurav, but his name was spelled with a BH at the end, not how your name is spelled.
Mhm.
Yep, yep.
He was a contractor from December until January for us at Cisco.
Okay.
And then I told him to quit. I just said, like, I was like, you're wasting your time here. I was like, honestly, I was like, it's, I can't stand, and I know you did this yourself, but this guy was doing it in the wrong way. He was in that type that he was trying to moonlight on, you know, four different jobs at the same time.
Yeah.
Ohh.
And I was like, I was like, man, you ain't that good. Like if you were that good, I wouldn't have a word to say. My care is if the work gets done or not, but you ain't that good that you can do that. He sat at Cisco for over 2 months, never got access to a Git repository.
She.
Oh, oh.
And I said to him, I was like, you know, hey, like, you know, what was going on? And he was like, well, the onboarding was bad. And I was like, yeah, yeah, but you can't just sit there for two months.
Yeah, so you have to ask someone like, yeah.
Like I was like, I was like, you know, you know, like stuff sucks, but I've never in my life been on a project and I've been like, wow, this is perfect in every single way. You know, stuff happens and, you know, I'm not trying to justify their onboarding, so mind you, but I'm like, you know, it's more, I think Cisco intentionally does that to weed people out in a way.
I think it's a bad process, but I think they also see it as like a, well, we all did this and we were all smart enough to. So if you can make it through, then, you know, you're part of the crew. I think they actually do that as almost like an initiation type thing.
Mhm.
Okay, sure, sure.
It shouldn't be that way. I mean, that would make any HR department lose their mind, but...
I think it's partially the organization's just really messy. And if you look at that WebEx screenshot I sent you, you can see.
No, no.
Like they don't even clean up their branches. There's almost 4,000 branches.
for a code base that isn't that big.
No.
And the first file on that code base is from 11 years ago.
Yeah.
Ohh, wow.
So that's what I mean. I'm like, they're doing stuff. They're not even remotely, you know, managing it properly. I think they, you know, take pride in that for whatever reason. Their onboarding is terrible. I think they do it on purpose, though, to see if people are resourceful. And I don't think it's like an actual test. I think that's them hand-waving to say, we're too lazy to fix what's broken.
Mm.
So therefore we're going to make it seem like it's a bonus if you actually can work this out.
Yep, so I did try like the circuit bot to what you call so come in some of these issues, but the bot itself is not that smart. I asked it like I asked the circuit bot how to get the circuit API public token which is available and it gave me wrong documentation with nothing at the end.
Yeah.
Like, how dumb can you be? You cannot tell me how to set you up.
Yeah, yeah.
Right.
The only thing that I got out of them, to be honest, was...
I got out from them the support line for the Cisco IT team. That was pretty much the only useful bot feature that I found. Everything else, like I was like, can you do a ticket? You know, how do I do tickets? And they were like, oh no, just call support. I'm like, a company at Cisco scale, you don't have support tickets.
Two.
Oh, we do, but you should just call IT directly. And I'm like, that's like the opposite of every other company that's an actual company.
Yep.
IT hates it when you call them directly, or they should hate it. You know, do it with a ticket.
Yeah.
And.
Like Cisco have like full-time persons in IT departments, correct? They also have some, they should also get something to do though. Maybe this is a whole system like that.
I mean, I've just, everywhere I've ever been, I mean, it's like, like they have like full-time IT departments, like big IT departments too. They were like, oh, we have a team of this. And I'm like, proportionally speaking, your IT department should be, I forget what the number is. I think it's like 4% of your organization at a minimum for support.
Mhm.
Most organizations have about, I think, between 12 and 15% of the org that's in IT in general. And of those, I think it's like 50% is support. And like, you know, at Cisco, that's an abysmally low number. And so you have people that are very reactionary and you have stuff happen, like for instance, what happened to you with the laptop.
You know, there's not enough people to do things right.
Yep, yep.
Aditi, OK.
Thank you.
So yeah, have a think on this. Like I said, I'll share everything over with you. You'll get access to all the Cisco EPNM items. I'm going to put a repo together on GitHub and invite you to it. It's just really a tracking repo. You can try things out there if you want. I'll put some things there too if I can.
Mhm.
Um...
Yep, yep, sure.
And then we'll meet up again tomorrow on Singularity and then to see if hopefully by then your laptop can get resolved. But in the meantime, if you find a solution or if you want to keep trying to troubleshoot, even though it feels hopeless, by all means.
Okay.
Yeah, I will keep trying to switch that on. Yeah, there's nothing else I can do, like beside pressing the power button for different frequency.
Yeah, well, I'm like, I got mine to work, thank God, but it was literally like I was sitting there and I had the power cord, like literally I just kept on plugging it in and unplugging it and just tapping the power button and some random combination of that, you know, I wasn't doing it like one off, one off. I was doing them at different rates.
The.
At some point, the stars aligned and it worked. I don't know if that can be lucky for you, but that's what I had to do.
Yep, yep.
Yeah, I have been lucky one more time, like in the past, but that started like pretty early, like I tried it for like three, four times and it was on, but this time it's like totally dead. Let's see.
Yeah.
Yeah, yeah.
Bob.
Alright.
Well, good luck. Keep me posted, especially if you need anything or if like they want you to like come into the office too, like their site. I think you're close to it anyway. So if that is an option too. If you need travel for that, just let me know and we can take care of your travel. I can get someone to coordinate.
Mhm.
Yep, okay, so I got like my ticket number at least.
Scan. Yeah.
Okay.
Yeah, one more thing. I think, I don't know, maybe you have not created the repo yet, but yesterday or day before yesterday, I think we decided to like create the tracking repo for like CICD on B1 and as well.
And like, yeah, I think that is also currently not online as well as the...
Yes.
Singularity access, yeah, positive.
Yes, I'll give both of those. I think Singularity you should have now. I'll send you the links to both of them though. I have both online. Yesterday I had to wait for Namita. She hadn't created her GitHub and I wanted to, I had made a GitHub team for all of you. But yeah, I'll send you the links to those repositories.
Mhm.
Okay, okay, really appreciate it.
Of course.
Okay.
All right, sir. All good?
Yep, all good.
Okay.
Alright, well, have a good rest of the night then, and we'll meet up tomorrow.
Yep, sure. Have a great day. Take see each other tomorrow. Yeah, bye.
It.
Bye-bye.